alright son Cody I've met several of you
before over the past few years I've been
following this community for a while but
I haven't really contributed to
community much but recently I left my
job
finally to send more times building
stuff in this community so I wanted to
talk about some of the stuff that I've
been looking at the past few weeks and
kind of gauge it see what people's
interests are and see if people are
thinking of similar similar ideas so
yeah I've kind of I've been looking to
get a little bit I think everyone is
very aware of kind of similarities
between getting ipfs with content and
dressing and local trees and whatnot and
we kind of used get a lot with analogies
and a lot of design patterns and things
like that
so I was kind of looking at you know
personally storing you know my get
projects on ipfs and I was looking at
what solutions were out there I'm going
to kind of came up with some use cases
that I noticed we're kind of missing or
there wasn't really anything out there
that met my needs so I kind of want to
share some of those the two Biggie's
cases that I didn't really find was a
way to have private and an encrypted
repos so you think like key base kit is
something that it's actually the only
project I've ever found where you can
actually have ended encrypted git
repositories I'm not used that before
so I was looking for something like that
but on ipfs and also a lot of the tools
that were out there to help you store
get read those not the FS were built
using you know I feel be where they'll
give you a CID back a lot of them will
use IP NS to track the latest CID for a
git repo but then there's kind of
problems with okay what if you have you
know a larger rizzo that multiple people
are writing to and that you need more
fine-grained access control and so I've
also been following textile very closely
for a while now and so to me I saw
threads is like a really really good fit
for these two use cases and yeah so
we're kind of looking at that
for a while and very interested in
building basically a threads backs get
remote to have to meet these these cases
and says some of the stuff and the gold
I was looking at again I've talked about
supporting multiple writers and
supporting end-to-end encryption and
then I think a big pain I ran into was
how to support and be interoperable with
IP LD so there's a lot of tooling out
there for the get raw IP LD codec but I
think a big thing that's missing is git
repos aren't really being pinned and so
what I think what's relevant the pain
summit here is you really I think the
the end goal that a lot of people have
and have been talking about for a while
is how can we you know traverse all
these get repos through IP LD right but
I think a big problem is that these
links are not really permanent because
no one's really pinning this get repos
so I've been thinking about well how why
aren't people pinning these and how can
they can mean and so Kyle's talked
yesterday from Piaf pinata about NFT I
thought was really interesting when
talking about who should be responsible
for for pinning the Mona Lisa so the
kind of thinking about that past few
days and just thinking okay well who is
really responsible for pinning git repos
and I was thinking about it and really
realized that the way developers you get
today already
people are already pinning you get
repositories right so if you're a
developer actively working on a git
repository you're already storing that
get remote locally and everyone is right
and that's kind of like already normal
and so I guess in that question is okay
well how can developers actually add
these git repos to ipfs and to me what
what I kind of realized is the big thing
is develop in the room is github a lot
of people use github obviously but I
think it's important to note like the
github is a lot more than just guess and
that's why it's not very easy to just
switch to a different gift provider
because of github I think one approach
is like okay you know maybe we could
have a decentralized github
you know maybe eventually we can have
that I think
a lot of people would think that's
really cool but even you know way before
that I think we're very close to you
know how can we enable developers to
store their git repositories on ipfs
while still being able to use github and
I think that will be could be a huge
driver to get people to start pinning on
these get remotes onto ipfs and to
actually be able to open up all these
use cases for traverse unity of
repositories dry peel de so I think
github Mirian services could be a
potential service that pending services
provide this kind of area I'm looking
into and I really yeah I really think
textile threads I'm very interested
played around with quite a bit with this
but yeah I kind of kind of all I had
just wanted to kind of show what I was
thinking about if anyone is interested
in this problem in particular or that or
knows other people and other projects
I'm not sure which ones are active or
not so if anyone knows other active
product projects that are interested or
in the similar area is this yeah I love
people to reach out and get feedback and
try to get people together to push this
forward so if anyone's interested
yeah let me know